In the current iteration of GitLoopy, when a user runs GitLoopy in their command line and issues are discovered to be worked on, it seems like we're just producing a streaming output indicating bash commands or C bash output, even if we're running something like the Python variation of GitLoopy to run our loops. Because this is occurring, suddenly we don't see the interactive terminal user interface dashboard that was part of this app before we started porting into PowerShell and shell scripts, etc. Let's ensure that these features are added across each of the different ports if they aren't already, since they seem to be missing currently. If they're missing currently, simply because we're in the middle of development, then we can ignore this request as I assume that these features will return as we continue to iterate. It's important that GitLoopy will show in its initial run when it picks up the first issue that it can work on. We should see what time that issue was started and the duration of time it's been since that issue was started until it was closed. We should see that information in a visible way, as well as the detailed granular verbosity of what's occurring in each individual session per issue. That GitLoopy works on. We need to be able to see in real time when an issue is being worked on, when it started, how long it's been running, when it completed, using the user's local machine's time. For timestamps, etc. We also need to see a live view into token input, output, and how much context in the given session for that issue is being consumed. And we should see how many sessions were created as an issue was being worked on and how much token context was consumed for each of those sessions until that issue has been completed or closed. We should see, as a result of that, the total cost per session as well as the total cost with the model used for completing the issue for every issue. This should all be live and real time data that the user can see wherever GitLoopy is currently running its loops in its respective terminal.