# FEATURES RQUESTS

The following are feature requests for this project to be used with the `/grill-with-docs` skill. Reference `.github/features/SAMPLE-TERMINAL-OUTPUT.txt` to see the current terminal output produced when the user runs the following command from the root of the project: `bash ralph/afk.sh`

1. Currently the script will stop and return stale work tree aborting commit or stash before rerunning and completely stop the loop when this stale work tree is encountered. I'd like to add automation to automatically perform the commit for the user so that the script never stops continuing its loop. Determine the best way to do this, either by updating the python code, the PROMPT.md, or both.
2. I'd like to try to add a feature that will show context percentage usage during each individual iteration as a ticker that updates as context is consumed. I'd also like for this to be something that is shared back as output for the run summary. For each iteration, there should be a table column produced as output that includes how much context in the model's context window was used for whatever model was selected for the loop.
3. I'd like to explore potential ways that we could improve the output in the terminal that's generated, so it's more human readable or even potentially more animated with loading indicators etc. as the loop continues until it finishes. Some things that we could do to improve the human readability might be additional colors indicating different activities or other indicators that will help the user understand what's happening other than some generic read bash, bash stop bash indicators as an example.
